---
title: Dasharo cookies
description: Open-source firmware distribution focusing on clean and simple code, long-term maintenance, transparent validation, privacy-respecting implementation, liberty for the owners, and trustworthiness for all.

layout: policy
url: pages/policy/

banner:
  title: Privacy <br> <span>Policy</span>
  description: This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit dasharo.com

---

[dasharo.com](https://dasharo.com/) is operated by 3mdeb Throughout the
site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to 3mdeb . 3mdeb offers
this website, including all information, tools and services
available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your
acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated
here.
{.cookies__first-p}

## General Overview {.cookies__subtitle}

It is 3mdeb's policy to respect your privacy regarding any
information we may collect while operating our website. We respect
your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable
information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted
this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information
may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and
under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third
parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect
through the Website and does not apply to our collection of
information from other sources. This Privacy Policy, together with
the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general
rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on
your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to
agree to additional terms of service.

## Website Visitors {.cookies__subtitle}

Like most website operators, 3mdeb collects
non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers
and servers typically make available, such as the browser type,
language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each
visitor request. 3mdeb's purpose in collecting non-personally
identifying information is to better understand how 3mdeb's visitors
use its website. From time to time, 3mdeb may release
non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. 3mdeb
also collects potentially personally-identifying information like
Internet Protocol IP) addresses for logged in users and for users
leaving comments on [https://dasharo.com/](https://dasharo.com/) blog posts.
3mdeb only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying
information as described below.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information {.cookies__subtitle}

Certain visitors to dasharo.com choose to interact with 3mdeb in
ways that require 3mdeb to gather personally-identifying
information. The amount and type of information that 3mdeb gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask
visitors who sign up for a newsletter at dasharo.com to provide a
username and email address. We also use Google Analytics to help us
understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about
how Google uses your Personal Information here:
[https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
[https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

## Security {.cookies__subtitle}

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but
remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use
commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Behavioural advertising {.cookies__subtitle}

As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you
with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe
may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted
advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising
Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
[http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work](http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work).

## Do not track {.cookies__subtitle}

Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use
practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.

## Links To External Sites {.cookies__subtitle}

Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not
operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be
directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to
review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you
visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites,
products or services.

## Cookies {.cookies__subtitle}

To enrich and perfect your online experience, 3mdeb uses "Cookies",
similar technologies and services provided by others to display
personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your
preferences on your computer. A cookie is a string of information
that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the
visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor
returns. 3mdeb uses cookies to help 3mdeb identify and track
visitors, their usage of dasharo.com, and their website access
preferences. dasharo.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies
placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse
cookies before using 3mdeb's websites, with the drawback that
certain features of 3mdeb's websites may not function properly
without the aid of cookies. By continuing to navigate our website
without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and
agree to 3mdeb's use of cookies.

## Privacy Policy Changes {.cookies__subtitle}

Although most changes are likely to be minor, 3mdeb may change its
Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 3mdeb's sole discretion.
3mdeb encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any
changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after
any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of
such change.
